Remove GovernorCompatibilyBravo and add simpler GovernorStorage (#4360)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: contracts/governance/README.adoc

Other extensions can customize the behavior or interface in multiple ways.

> * {GovernorStorage}: Stores the proposal detail onchain and provide enumerability of the proposals. This can be useful for some L2 chains where storage is cheap compared to calldata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {GovernorStorage}: Stores the proposal details onchain and provides enumerability of the proposals. This can be useful for some L2 chains where storage is cheap compared to calldata.
```

> * {GovernorStorage}: Stores the proposal detail onchain and provide enumerability of the proposals. This can be usefull for some L2 chains where storage is cheap compared to calldata.

Author: ```suggestion
* {GovernorStorage}: Stores the proposal detail onchain and provide enumerability of the proposals. This can be useful for some L2 chains where storage is cheap compared to calldata.
```
